Same Bitches

[Post Malone:]

I been in L.A. too long

I see the same bitches everywhere I go

It don't really matter where they from

Acting or model, heard it all before

Population four million, how I see the same bitch?

Population four million, how I see the same bitch?

Yeah, yeah, yeah



I hit your DM baby

Took the screenshot, yeah, you tried to play me

I bet this shit was good for your reputation

I just let it go so I could see you naked

Holy moly, look what you roll in

Million followers but your bumpers broken

What's your focus?

Tell me what your goal is

I know you only like me 'cause I just spent a hundred bands in one night

Spent a hundred bands in one night

I know you wanna live this life

But I can't make a ho a housewife (ohh, no)

What's your name? Who's your daddy?

Is he rich like me? Is he rich like me?

Yeah, yeah, yeah




[Post Malone (G-Eazy):]

I been in L.A. too long

I see the same bitches everywhere I go

It don't really matter where they from

Acting or model, heard it all before

Population four million, how I see the same bitch? (uh, yeah)

Yeah, yeah, yeah

Population four million, how I see the same bitch? (Gerald)

Yeah, yeah, yeah




[G-Eazy:]

Everywhere I go I see the same ho

Always post selfies on the 'Gram from a angle, a Catfish

Hollywood devil, not a angel

Her bag is Chanel, but she drive a Durango

Yeah, and I'm gettin' to the queso

Woke and I'm hip to the game so I'm thankful

OGs put me on to a song lace bro

Real recognizin' that you don't speak the lingo

Clothes all new, not a wrinkle

Giving you the game with the game, gettin' sprinkled

Bottles on deck in my drink fool

And I turn to a beast, I'm a dog, I'm a pitbull

This life did to me, I can't switch back

If I take her then you'll never get your bitch back (yeah)

The beat knockin', yeah this shit cloud

Welcome to the west where people gettin' rich at (ayy)




[Post Malone (G-Eazy):]

I been in L.A. too long (G)

I see the same bitches everywhere I go (It's Eazy, you know?)

It don't really matter where they from (yee, yee, yee)

Acting or model, heard it all before (ayy)


[Post Malone (YG):]

Population four million, how I see the same bitch? (west side nigga)

Population four million, how I see the same bitch? (hol' up, let me talk my shit)

Yeah, yeah, yeah




[YG:]

I been in L.A. too long

Me and my bros hit the same hoes

L.A., Hollywood, that's some Valley hoes

Do I know how to fuck, they all know

Ye, yeah, fuck it, go down baby

I'm with the program baby

Ridin' through the streets, you with the hometown baby

I'm tryna do it for the brother like Motown baby

She fucked the L.A. Laker for the record

She fucked a Dodger baseball player for the record

Fucked the head of my record label (ooh)

How you think she been so stable?

Ah damn, ah damn, but she down to fuck

Designer everything, Benz Truck

Pullin' up with you friend, tell me who she is

Oh, never mind, my friend fucked




[Post Malone (YG):]

Population four million, how I see the same bitch? (haha, never mind my friend fucked)

Population four million, how I see the same bitch?

(haha, never mind my friend fucked)


[Post Malone:]

Population four million, how I see the same bitch? (I see the same bitch)

Yeah, yeah, yeah

Population four million, how I see the same bitch? (I see the same bitch)